{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2758
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red39\green40\blue50;\red0\green0\blue0;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c20392\c20784\c25490;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
User Agreement:
\f1\b0\fs32 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 Welcome to ThunderTalk!
\f1\fs32 \cf4 \

\f2\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 By using ThunderTalk (the "Service"), you agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions:
\f1\fs32 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li480\fi-480\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf4 1.
\f1\fs18\fsmilli9333 \'a0\'a0\'a0 
\f0\b\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 Eligibility:
\f2\b0  You must be at least 13 years old to use our Service. If you are under 13, please do not attempt to register or use our Service.
\f1\fs32 \cf4 \

\f2\fs37\fsmilli18667 2.
\f1\fs18\fsmilli9333 \'a0\'a0\'a0 
\f0\b\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 Content Policy:
\f2\b0  a. Users are prohibited from posting, uploading, or sharing explicit or pornographic content. b. Users are responsible for the content they post and must not engage in any illegal, harmful, or offensive activities.
\f1\fs32 \cf4 \

\f2\fs37\fsmilli18667 3.
\f1\fs18\fsmilli9333 \'a0\'a0\'a0 
\f0\b\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 Account Registration:
\f2\b0  a. You agree to provide accurate and complete information during the registration process. b. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password.
\f1\fs32 \cf4 \

\f2\fs37\fsmilli18667 4.
\f1\fs18\fsmilli9333 \'a0\'a0\'a0 
\f0\b\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 User Conduct:
\f2\b0  a. Be respectful and considerate of others. b. Do not engage in harassment, bullying, or any form of discriminatory behavior. c. Do not attempt to circumvent any security measures or access another user's account.
\f1\fs32 \cf4 \

\f2\fs37\fsmilli18667 5.
\f1\fs18\fsmilli9333 \'a0\'a0\'a0 
\f0\b\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 Termination of Account:
\f2\b0  We reserve the right to suspend or terminate your account if you violate any of the terms outlined in this agreement.
\f1\fs32 \cf4 \

\f2\fs37\fsmilli18667 6.
\f1\fs18\fsmilli9333 \'a0\'a0\'a0 
\f0\b\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 Disclaimer of Warranty:
\f2\b0  a. [Your Website Name] is provided "as is" without any warranty of any kind. b. We do not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, or reliability of any content on the platform.
\f1\fs32 \cf4 \

\f2\fs37\fsmilli18667 7.
\f1\fs18\fsmilli9333 \'a0\'a0\'a0 
\f0\b\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 Limitation of Liability:
\f2\b0  [Your Website Name] and its affiliates will not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, or consequential damages resulting from the use or inability to use the Service.
\f1\fs32 \cf4 \

\f2\fs37\fsmilli18667 8.
\f1\fs18\fsmilli9333 \'a0\'a0\'a0 
\f0\b\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 Changes to Terms:
\f2\b0  We reserve the right to modify these terms at any time. Continued use of the Service after changes are made constitutes acceptance of those changes.
\f1\fs32 \cf4 \

\f2\fs37\fsmilli18667 9.
\f1\fs18\fsmilli9333 \'a0\'a0\'a0 
\f0\b\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 Governing Law:
\f2\b0  This agreement is governed by and construed in accordance with Federal Laws.
\f1\fs32 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 Disclaimer:
\f1\b0\fs32 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 ThunderTalk is intended for use by individuals aged 13 and older. If you are under 13, please do not attempt to register or use our Service. We do not knowingly collect personal information from individuals under 13 years of age.
\f1\fs32 \cf4 \

\f2\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 ThunderTalk is committed to providing a safe and respectful environment for all users. We prohibit the posting, uploading, or sharing of explicit or pornographic content. Users are responsible for the content they post, and any violation of our content policy may result in the suspension or termination of the user's account.
\f1\fs32 \cf4 \

\f2\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 ThunderTalk is not responsible for the actions or conduct of its users. We do not endorse or guarantee the accuracy, completeness, or reliability of any content posted on the platform.
\f1\fs32 \cf4 \

\f2\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 By using ThunderTalk you acknowledge and agree to the terms outlined in the User Agreement and Disclaimer.
\f1\fs32 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 Remember, it's crucial to seek legal advice to ensure that your specific circumstances and local regulations are adequately addressed in your user agreement and disclaimer.
\f1\fs32 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf4 \cb1 \'a0
\fs32 \
}